The defendants worked for a company in China called Huaying Haitai Science and Technology Development Company and acted in association with the Chinese Ministry of State Security's Tianjin State Security Bureau. Through their involvement with the APT10 Group, from at least in or about 2006 up to and including in or about 2018, Zhu and Zhang conducted global campaigns of computer intrusions targeting, among other data, intellectual property and confidential business and technological information at managed service providers, which are companies that remotely manage the information technology infrastructure of businesses and governments around the world, more than 45 technology companies in at least a dozen U.S. states, and U.S. government agencies. Zhu Hua, aka Afwar, aka CVNX, aka Alayos, aka Godkiller, and Zhang Shilong, aka Baobeilong, aka Zhang Jianguo, aka Atreexp, the defendants, both nationals of China, were members of a hacking group operating in China known within the cyber security community as the APT10 Group, or alternatively as "Red Apollo," "CVNX," "Stone Panda," "MenuPass," and "POTASSIUM." The defendants worked for Huaying Haitai in Tianjin, China, and acted in association with the Chinese Ministry of State Security's Tianjin State Security Bureau. Most recently, beginning at least in or about 2014, members of the APT10 Group, including Zhu and Zhang, engaged in an intrusion campaign to obtain unauthorized access to the computers and computer networks of MSPs for businesses and governments around the world. The APT10 Group targeted MSPs in order to leverage the MSPs' networks to gain unauthorized access to the computers and computer networks of the MSPs' clients and to steal, among other data, intellectual property and confidential business data on a global scale. Earlier, beginning in or about 2006, members of the APT10 Group, including Zhu and Zhang, engaged in an intrusion campaign to obtain unauthorized access to the computers and computer networks of more than 45 technology companies and U.S. government agencies, in order to steal information and data concerning a number of technologies. In addition to those victims who had information stolen, Zhu, Zhang, and their co-conspirators successfully obtained unauthorized access to computers belonging to more than 25 other technology-related companies involved in, among other things, industrial factory automation, radar technology, oil exploration, information technology services, pharmaceutical manufacturing, and computer processor technology, as well as the U.S. Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.