The UK police has suspended all work with the company, which is believed to perform at least half of all the DNA analysis, toxicology, ballistics and computer forensics work for the police force. Headquartered in Brussels, Belgium, Eurofins provides food, agro, pharma, consumer product, environment, forensics, clinical diagnostics and other types of scientific testing services to companies and governments. The attack disrupted some of its IT systems and the company took offline many other systems and servers to minimize the damage, then proceeded to investigate the incident with the help of law enforcement agencies and IT forensics and security companies. "As Eurofins IT teams reacted promptly many of the Group's companies were able to continue operating without impacting customers. Moreover, on Tuesday June 4th we were able to resume full or partial operations for a number of impacted companies and have continued to do so every day since then. As a result, as of Monday June 17th, the vast majority of affected laboratories' operations had been restored," the company explained on Monday. "The focus of our teams in the companies that were affected is to catch up on their work backlog and deliver the quality and speed of service our customers are used to getting from their Eurofins laboratory, and that they deserve," the company noted. The National Police Chiefs' Council said of Friday that "The attack suffered by Eurofins Scientific has affected the IT systems its Forensics subsidiary, Eurofins Forensics Services, which is based in the UK and is one of the primary forensic services providers to UK policing." "Our priority - alongside the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners - is to minimise the impact on the criminal justice system. We have put our national contingency plans in place, which will see urgent submissions and priority work diverted to alternative suppliers to be dealt with as quickly as possible," said the National Police Chiefs' Council Lead for Forensics, Chief Constable James Vaughan.