More details emerged from the recently disclosed Operation Night Fury: Group-IB helps take down a cybergang behind the infection of hundreds of e-commerce. The arrest came as a result of a joint operation «Night Fury» initiated by INTERPOL's ASEAN Cyber Capability Desk that involved Indonesian Cyber Police, «K», and «N» were arrested in December 2019 in two different regions in Indonesia - Special Region of Yogyakarta and Special Capital Region of Jakarta - as part of the joint operation «Night Fury» carried out by Indonesian Cyber Police and INTERPOL with the help of Group-IB's Cyber Investigations team. "There are many challenges and obstacles in cross-border hi-tech crime investigations like this. The Night Fury Operation showed that these obstacles could only be overcome with close collaboration between national law enforcement, international organizations and private companies. Effective multi-jurisdictional coordination of efforts between Indonesia's Cyber Police, INTERPOL and Group-IB allowed to attribute the crimes, establish the perpetrators behind the JS-sniffer and arrest them. But more importantly to protect the community and raise public awareness about the problem of cybercrime and its impact." The analysis of infrastructure that was controlled by the suspected operators of GetBilling arrested in Indonesia, carried out by Group-IB's Cyber Investigations team, revealed that they have managed to infect nearly 200 websites in Indonesia, Australia, Europe, the United States, South America, and some other countries. Group-IB Cyber Investigations team determined that some of the GetBilling's infrastructure was located in Indonesia. According to the author of the report Viktor Okorokov, threat intelligence analyst at Group-IB, at the time of the report's publication, in total Group-IB Threat Intelligence team discovered 38 families of JS-sniffers. About the author Group-IB:. Group-IB is a leading provider of solutions aimed at detection and prevention of cyberattacks, online fraud, and IP protection.