The European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity revealed this week that malicious actors breached its corporate network. TSOs are responsible for the transmission of electric power across the main high-voltage networks, and ENTSO-E works with them on the implementation of energy policies and achieving Europe's energy and climate policy objectives. "A risk assessment has been performed and contingency plans are now in place to reduce the risk and impact of any further attacks," the organization said in a brief statement. Fingrid said the incident only impacts file exchange policies between the organization and ENTSO-E. However, as a result of the attack, Fingrid said there would be some delays in issuing energy identification codes to electricity suppliers and producers. "This is a strategic move by the adversary to focus on a centralized target in order to impact multiple European electrical grids at the same time," Phil Neray, VP of IoT & industrial cybersecurity at CyberX, told SecurityWeek. "The intrusions at ENTSO-E and NMPRC do not appear to be related but demonstrate the potential for adversaries to target such organizations to further attack objectives on the electric utilities or energy organizations working with the target companies. These intrusions - both in Europe and the U.S. - impact organizations that do not manage or control any industrial assets but are linked to various ICS entities for regulatory or similar reasons. Based on this connection, a successful intrusion at one of the victim entities could be leveraged to facilitate follow-on access or exploitation at supported utility organizations," Dragos warned. The company added, "An attacker may access these organizations to harvest sensitive information about supported entities. This may facilitate information gathering and target development operations while avoiding any direct access to the victims. As a result, the attacker would effectively expose information from several organizations at the same time through a single intrusion."